Campbell made their intentions clear
early on Matthew Armstrong's kickin
kiyose unsettled inst the holders would
find it hard to get into any kind of
rhythm Mullins did breakthrough in a
physical first half they couldn't
convert Nathan Barnett made the initial
break her guru darryl maxwell looked to
have done enough but a last-ditch tackle
prevented a certain try combo control
possession and made the breakthrough on
the stroke of half-time the forwards
made the hard yards the ball was moved
quickly through the backs and after a
quick juggle from michael schools
matthew armstrong part over in the
corner then James McKinney stepped up to
land an impressive conversion hence
lifted their performance in the second
half but again when there was a hint of
an opening the danger was snuffed out
Campbell stayed in control and had a
great chance to seal the win lid in the
game but skipper Ben McDonald's forward
pass drifted agonizingly beyond winger
jason Harvey instead one last-gasp
effort to force a replay they were
camped on the combo line but the
visitors turned over the ball and forced
a penalty
bitter disappointment for the holders
for Campbell a huge scalp and maybe a
sign of things to come
she heard the draw since we heard the
job where everyone all of us real for
time we knew we could actually win no
matter what
all the press said so hopefully with a
meta stomp here and we can tell us for a
couple across Belfast one of the other
big favorites were making short work of
Sullivan but the hosts didn't go down
without a fight
Metheny though were too big and too
powerful for a committed Sullivan PAC
the opening score came from open sight
Fabien LaRoche and was a sign of things
to come
the second try Kim and much the same
fashion
this time hooker Niall Annette was in
the end of a partial Drive
the result was beyond tight before the
break this time captain Adam Michael and
put the finishing touches to another
forward drive Michael and added his
second from similar range in the second
half not an easy man to stop from one
yard before Hooker nylon that showed
that this pack has pierced as well as
par he cruised in from the halfway line
for the final try well The Spectator
told us he did we know what we have
today boys are very disappointed last
year loser
and since I'm a family room hell we want
to go one step farther but not just the
final we'll want to bring a buckle new
method the draw for the quarterfinals
was made in Sullivan upper school after
the game